CDS Coaching in Chandigarh
MENTORS ACADEMY is a coaching, where we offer coaching to CDS Aspirants in Chandigarh for exam. MENTORS ACADEMY is the best institute for CDS Coaching in Chandigarh. We are guiding understudies to gain ground in their endeavour. We give coaching in Chandigarh to various exams like NDA, CDS, OTA, CPF, Military Schools, Sainik Schools and attempt to ensure tackling the paper when they face the same. During coaching, we are lay weight on training be it of made substance or out of character progression and besides understanding the weak territory of any subject of the understudy. Extensive coaching is given at Chandigarh to various subjects of the forceful exams coordinated by affiliations. To make the coaching beneficial, we give a made and discerning investigation out of past exam papers and give step by step and full scorn test during the coaching. CDS coaching in Chandigarh.

CDS Coaching Chandigarh
 


CDS Coaching Centers in Chandigarh
The Pattern of the CDS Examination will be conducted in two stages as indicated below:
1.	Stage -I – Written Examination (Objective Multiple Choice Type)
2.	Stage -II – SSB (Service Selection Board) Interview.
CDS – LATEST NOTIFICATION of Examination (2018)
Date Of Notification: AUG
Last Dates Of Receipt Of Application: AUG
Date Of Examination: 18 NOVEMBER, 2018
Stage I (Written Examination)  & Stage II (SSB Interview)
(a) For IMA, Indian Naval Academy, Air force Academy
Papers	Time	Question	Marks
English	2 hours	120	100
G. K.	2 hours	120	100
Maths	2 hours	120	100






(b) For OTA (Officers Training Academy)
Papers	Time	Question	Marks
English	2 hours	120	100
G. K.	2 hours	120	100
A.	(a) For IMA, Indian Naval Academy, Airforce Academy – 300 MARKS
B.	(b) For OTA (Officers Training Academy) – 200 MARKSNOTE: There will be negative marking of 0.33 marks for each wrong answer.

Age Limit:
•	
•	19-24 Years of age for Indian Military Academy
•	
•	19-22 Years of age for Naval Academy
•	
•	19-23 Years of age for Air Force Academy
•	19-25 Years of age for Officers’ Training Academy
•	
Educational Qualification:
(i) For I .M.A. and Officers’ Training Academy: Degree of a recognized University or equivalent.                                                                                        
(ii) For Indian Naval Academy: Degree in Engineering for CDSE and Degree in Engineering or B.Sc. (with Physics or Mathematics) for NCC entry.
(iii) For Air Force Academy: Degree of a recognized University (with Physics and Mathematics at 10+2 level) or Bachelor of Engineering.
Note: Those candidates who are studying in the final year’s Degree course and have yet to pass the final year Degree examination are also eligible to apply.  best CDS Coaching in Chandigarh

PAPER – 1: ENGLISH: The question paper will be designed to test the candidates’ understanding of English and workmanlike use of words.


PAPER – 2: GENERAL KNOWLEDGE: General Knowledge including knowledge of current events and of such matters of everyday observation and experience in their scientific aspects as may be expected of an educated person who has not made a special study of any scientific subject. The Paper will also include questions on History of India and Geography of nature which Candidate should be able to answer without special study. Best CDS Coaching Center in Chandigarh.

 
PAPER – 3: ELEMENTARY MATHEMATICS

ARITHMETIC:  Number System-Natural numbers, Integers, Rational and Real numbers. Fundamental Operations addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, Square roots, Decimal, fractions. Unitary method, time and distance, time and work, percentages, applications to simple and compound interest, profit and loss, ratio and proportion, variation. Elementary Number Theory- Division algorithm. Prime and composite numbers. Tests of divisibility by 2, 3,4,5,9 and 11. Multiples and factors. Factorisation Theorem. H.C.F. and L.C.M. Euclidean algorithm, Logarithms to base 10, laws of logarithms, use of logarithmic tables.  best CDS Coaching in Chandigarh

ALGEBRA: Basic Operations, simple factors, Remainder Theorem, H.C.F., L.C.M. Theory of polynomials, Solutions of quadratic equations, the relation between its roots and coefficients (Only real roots to be considered). Simultaneous linear equations in two unknowns-analytical and graphical solutions. Simultaneous linear inequations in two variables and their solutions. Practical problems leading to two simultaneous linear equations or inequations in two Variables or quadratic equations in one variable & their solutions. Set language and set notation, rational expressions and conditional identities, Laws of indices. TOP CDS Coaching institute in chandigarh

TRIGONOMETRY: Sine x, cosine x, Tangent x when 00 < x < 900 Values of sin x, cos x and tan x, for x = 00, 300, 450, 600 and 900
Simple trigonometric identities . best cds coaching in chandigarh chandigarh, 160022

GEOMETRY: Lines and angles, Plane and plane figures, Theorems on
i.	
i.	 Properties of angles at a Point
i.	
i.	 Parallel lines,
i.	
i.	 Sides and angles of a triangle
i.	
i.	 Congruency of triangles,
i.	
i.	 Similar triangles.
i.	
i.	 The concurrence of medians and altitudes,
i.	
i.	 Properties of angles, sides and diagonals of a parallelogram, rectangle and square
i.	 Circles and its properties including tangents and normal,
MENSURATION: Areas of squares, rectangles, parallelograms, triangle and circle. Areas of figures which Can be split up into these figures (Field Book), Surface area and volume of cuboids, lateral surface and volume of right circular cones and cylinders, surface area and Volume of spheres.
STATISTICS: Collection and tabulation of statistical data, Graphical representation, frequency, Polygons, histograms, bar charts, pie charts etc. Measures of central tendency.

Contact Us:
Mentors Academy Chandigarh SCO 114, 115 3rd floor Sector 34 A Chandigarh 160022
Contact number: 9915205090, 9780333722, and 946454339

