PU CET Coaching in Chandigarh
•	Mentors Academy is one of the best pu cet coaching in chandigarh.
We provide coaching for PU CET and other university entrance exams.
Our institute has carved a niche for itself within a short period of time. 
We believe in providing quality education and best of facilities to our students. 
We guarantee 100% results with money back offer (if the student is not satisfied).
We have the best faculty in town with learned and experienced teachers. 
Our institute is the best because of its highest success track records. 
We have small size batches with individual attention, free demo classes, healthy and a competitive environment, guest lectures
by esteemed professors. We also provide full study material including previous year question papers. 
So, we recommend you on joining Mentors Academy for achieving your goals and passing your exams with flying colors. 
Mentors Academy is india. pu cet coaching chandigarh chandigarh.
 PU CET Coaching institute in Chandigarh
Panjab University is one of the oldest universities in India.
It is ranked among the top institutions in India. 
It has been a pioneer in education since 1882, making it the oldest university of India.
According to a survey conducted by a top notch magazine, PU CET coaching in Chandigarh Panjab University has been given a world ranking. 
It has its regional centers at Hoshiarpur, Muktsar and Ludhiana. 
It runs a wide range of degree programmes including Arts, Sciences, Commerce. Management, Law, Engineering and Technology,
Pharmaceutical Sciences, Animal Husbandy and Agriculture. Dr. Manmohan Singh(former Prime Minister), I.K Gujral, Kalpana Chawla,
Sushma Swaraj, Kapil sibal, Gul Panag etc are all alumnis of this reputed institution pu cet coaching chandigarh chandigarh
Common Entrance Test or CET is conducted yearly by Panjab University. 
Applications are invited for admission to B.sc, B.Pharma (semester system) at P.U campus
and BHMS at Homeopathic Medical College & Hospital, sec-26 Chandigarh through PU CET(UnderGraduate).
Panjab University Common Entrance Test is scheduled to be conducted on 3r week of May,2017. pu cet coaching chandigarh chandigarh
Head Office:
SCO 114, 115 3rd Floor
Sector 34-A ,
Chandigarh

 +919915205090 / +919464543390  mentorsacademy1@gmail.com
