Sainik School Coaching in Chandigarh
Best Sainik School Exam Coaching in Chandigarh
Sainik School Exam Coaching in Chandigarh – Mentors Academy provides the best coaching for  Sainik School Exam in Chandigarh, Mohali, and Panchkula. One of The north India’s Best Coaching Institute For RIMC Entrance exams, Sainik Schools, Navodaya Schools, Military Schools in India.
Mentors Academy is the only organization which is well known for its Best Sainik School Exam Coaching in Chandigarh. Here you will find highly Experienced u0026amp; Permanent Team (Group of 10 faculty members) that will prepare students for Sainik School 2020 Examination. The Particular caliber of skill and talent followed by MENTORS ACADEMY ensure that every student who join us for coaching, feels fully confident, satisfied and properly prepared for exam.
Call for Free Guidance: 9915205090
Sainik School Exam Coaching in Chandigarh – MENTORS ACADEMY Ranked No.1 Institute u0026amp; Provides the Best coaching in Sanik School exams 2020. We provide coaching for Sainik school entrance exam coaching for Class 6 and class 9. We trained more than 1300+ students from Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh. It is best Institute for Sainik School Exam Coaching in Chandigarh
All India Sainik Schools Entrance Examination 2020, Application Form Out!! (Apply Now)
AISSEE – All India Sainik Schools Entrance Examination 2020 – The Date of Exam for Sainik Schools is announce now, Check the below table for important dates. AISSEE is conducted for admission to Class VI u0026amp; Class IX in Sainik Schools. For admission to Class VI, Child should be between 10 to 12 years and for admission to Class IX, child should be between 13 to 15 years as on 31 March 2020 are eligible to take the Entrance Examination. 
The selection for admission is done on the basis of All India Sainik Schools Entrance Examination 2020. Details of the Entrance test like Procedure to apply, Exam dates and Reservation are given below.
AISSEE – All India Sainik Schools Entrance Examination 2020
The application form is available in online at the official website. Candidates who are interested must ensure their eligibility before filling the application form.
